# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in --output-file requirements.txt
adbc-driver-manager==1.1.0
    # via adbc-driver-postgresql
adbc-driver-postgresql==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via pins
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   panel
bokeh==3.4.3
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
    #   panel
build==1.2.1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   rsconnect-python
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorcet==3.1.0
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via bokeh
debugpy==1.8.2
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.111.1
    # via vetiver
fastapi-cli==0.0.4
    # via fastapi
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via pins
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
holoviews==1.19.1
    # via hvplot
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   jupyterlab
    #   vetiver
humanize==4.10.0
    # via pins
hvplot==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.2.0
    # via pins
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   adbc-driver-postgresql
    #   pins
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.26.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.3
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   fastapi
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pins
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   pins
    #   scikit-learn
    #   vetiver
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via panel
markdown==3.6
    # via panel
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   panel
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.1
    # via panel
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   vetiver
notebook==7.2.1
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==2.0.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   contourpy
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   vetiver
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   build
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
    #   panel
    #   pins
    #   vetiver
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
panel==1.4.4
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
param==2.1.1
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
    #   panel
    #   pyviz-comms
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via bokeh
pins==0.8.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   vetiver
pip==24.2
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   rsconnect-python
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via vetiver
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.23.0
    # via vetiver
polars==0.20.31
    # via -r requirements.in
posit-sdk==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==6.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==16.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   vetiver
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via rsconnect-python
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
    #   vetiver
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via fastapi
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyviz-comms==3.0.2
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   panel
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pins
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   panel
    #   pins
    #   posit-sdk
    #   vetiver
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.19.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsconnect-python==1.24.0
    # via vetiver
scikit-learn==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   vetiver
scipy==1.14.0
    # via scikit-learn
semver==2.13.0
    # via rsconnect-python
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==72.1.0
    # via pip-tools
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via plotly
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via panel
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
typer==0.12.3
    # via fastapi-cli
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   adbc-driver-manager
    #   fastapi
    #   panel
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rsconnect-python
    #   typer
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via linkify-it-py
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.30.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   vetiver
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
vetiver==0.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.6.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==12.0
    # via uvicorn
wheel==0.43.0
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
xxhash==3.4.1
    # via pins
xyzservices==2024.6.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   panel
zipp==3.19.2
    # via importlib-metadata
